
4. Охранная турель (enemy_turret.png)

Pixel art of a heavy automated security turret, thick metal armor, glowing green target scanner, mounted on a dark sci-fi facility wall. Monochrome green terminal aesthetic, retro CRT scanlines, 16-bit pixel art, high contrast.

5. Ловчий Искина (enemy_hunter.png)

Pixel art portrait of an AI assassin cyborg, sleek stealth armor, multiple glowing green eyes like a spider, holding a mono-molecular blade, dark shadows in a neon alley. Green monochrome CRT aesthetic, 16-bit retro cyberpunk style.

6. Одержимый техник (enemy_technician.png)

Pixel art portrait of an insane facility technician, cybernetic implants drilled roughly into his skull, crazy expression, glowing green mechanical eye, holding a bloody wrench, dark server room background. Green monochrome terminal style, CRT scanlines, 16-bit retro.

7. Слизь мусоропровода (enemy_slime.png)

Pixel art of a massive bubbling mass of toxic green slime absorbing mechanical parts and wires, glowing from within, dark dystopian sewer pipe background. Green monochrome CRT monitor aesthetic, 16-bit retro horror.

8. Палач Службы Б. (enemy_executioner.png)

Pixel art portrait of a massive cyborg executioner, heavy industrial armor, faceless helmet with a glowing green slit, holding a massive plasma axe, dark cyberpunk facility. Intimidating, green monochrome terminal monitor style, 16-bit retro.

9. Амазонка-Синт (enemy_amazon.png)

Pixel art portrait of an agile female synthetic assassin, half of her face missing revealing metal skull, glowing green eye, athletic combat suit, dark sci-fi background. Green monochrome CRT screen aesthetic, 16-bit retro cyberpunk style.

10. ЯДРО: Цербер (Финальный босс) (enemy_boss_cerberus.png)

Pixel art portrait of a terrifying giant AI core machine, three robotic beast heads emerging from a massive metal chassis, blinding glowing green eyes and energy cores, dark mega-structure background. Cinematic lighting, green monochrome CRT terminal aesthetic, highly detailed 16-bit pixel art.

1. Элитный Страж / Ликвидатор (enemy_elite_guard.png)

Pixel art portrait of a massive, heavily armored cybernetic elite guard, bulky tactical riot gear, featureless reinforced helmet with a glowing green horizontal visor. Holding a heavy rotary cannon. Dark industrial facility background. Pure green monochrome CRT monitor aesthetic, heavy scanlines, 16-bit retro cyberpunk style, intimidating.

2. Дрон-разведчик (enemy_drone.png)

Pixel art portrait of a sleek, hovering cybernetic recon drone. Floating spherical chassis, metallic plating, single large glowing neon-green camera lens in the center. Cables dangling underneath. Dark, gritty sci-fi corridor background. Pure green monochrome terminal monitor style, CRT scanlines, 16-bit retro pixel art.

3. Прототип Ареса (Босс) (enemy_boss_ares.png)

Pixel art portrait of a terrifying bipedal war mech prototype called Ares. Heavy blocky military armor, hydraulic joints, massive shoulder-mounted missile pods, single glowing green sensor eye. Standing in a ruined cloning laboratory. Pure green monochrome CRT screen aesthetic, high contrast, 16-bit retro cyberpunk pixel art, imposing.

4. Мутант (enemy_mutant.png)

Pixel art portrait of a hulking, deformed biological mutant. Asymmetrical muscle mass, pale diseased skin tearing open to reveal glowing green cybernetic implants and exposed wires. Roaring expression, dark sewer background. Pure green monochrome terminal style, CRT scanlines, 16-bit retro horror pixel art.

